Preprocessor Fixes and Updates (#2280)
ispc/ispc: docs/ispc.rst

To generate LLVM bitcode, use the ``--emit-llvm`` flag.
To generate LLVM bitcode in textual form, use the ``--emit-llvm-text`` flag.

> To generate a stub after running the preprocessor, use the ``-E`` flag.
> 
> ::
> 
>     ispc foo.ispc -E -o foo.i  OR  ispc foo.ispc -E -o foo.ispi
> 
> In this mode, the preprocessor will assume ``stdout`` if no output file is
> specified.
> Both ``.i`` or ``.ispi`` are valid suffixes.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run only the preprocessor, use ``-E`` flag. By default the output will be directed to ``stdout``, otherwise to the file specified by ``-o`` flag. The output file with preprocessed source is assumed to have ``.i`` or ``.ispi`` extension.

::

    ispc foo.ispc -E -o foo.i
    ispc foo.ispc -E -o foo.ispi

```
